Add supported_cultures liquid filter (#16208)
OrchardCMS/OrchardCore: src/docs/reference/modules/Liquid/README.md

| Property | Example | Description |
| --------- | ---- |------------ |
| `Name` | `en-US` | The ISO language code of the current culture. |
| `Dir` | `rtl` | The text writing direction. |
| `DisplayName` | `English (United States)` | The display name of the current culture. |
| `NativeName` | `English (United States)` | The native name of the current culture. |
| `TwoLetterISOLanguageName` | `en` | The two-letter ISO language name of the current culture. |

##### supported_cultures filter

> Returns the currently supported cultures.
> 
> ```liquid
> {{ Culture | supported_cultures }}
> ```

Reviewer: Note that the suggestion apparently can't include too many ` characters, so the trailing fence is missing but is there in the code if you try to edit this comment:

```suggestion
Returns the currently supported cultures. Here is an example of how to print the names of supported cultures using a list:

```liquid
{% assign cultures = Culture | supported_cultures %}
<ul>
{% for culture in cultures %}
    <li>{{ culture.Name }}</li>
{% endfor %}
</ul>
```
```
